# Life Goes On
This soundscape is a piece meant to showcase the change in daily life that was brought about due to the Coronavirus pandemic. The opening is meant to showcase a college football game or sporting event. People are cheering and having a good time while a lone person coughs quietly in the background. This is symbolic of the lurking threat of the virus in the time before it became something people thought about on a daily basis. The news clips represent the change in daily life as the virus takes over the news and dominates how people live their lives. Despite this public figures like Donald Trump ensure people that the virus will end soon. The irony of this statement is then emphasized by the sound of a clock ticking as time passes and the virus remains prevalent as college students return in the fall. The party scene is meant to show that return and display the danger that now exists in gatherings that were before harmless. I then chose to insert a memorial section. This section is meant to show the consequences of not taking the virus/ precautions seriously. While the return to normal life seems fun and enjoyable the threat of the virus means that activities like throwing a party could lead to people losing their family members. The conclusion is meant to be positive with an ending message that we need to continue to unite and keep one another safe while the vaccine is being worked on. The very last sound clip is a personal one to me and I think a familiar sound to many Pitt students. The nighttime bugs on campus mixed with the sound of the crosswalk is a common sound for me being on campus and the quietness I hear at night is much different from the more lively campus I experienced last year. I also found that the sound of the crosswalk is somewhat similar to the ticking of the clock and in this way I felt it could also indicate the passage of time as life continues to go on despite the great changes we have all undergone in recent months. 
