In my most recent edits of this soundscape my main focus was to touch up some of the rougher edges of the project. In general this meant clipping sounds so they fit better and fading in and out of certain segments. I also tried to make the overall soundscape have a more 3D audio quality to it. I think I was able to do this the best in the football game section of the audio. I also tried to consider the overall message of the soundscape and I added a title and description in the README that I felt reflected that. I also tried to take the time to really think about my ending. In my draft it wasn’t totally complete and initially I had the piece ending with the memorial portion which felt very incomplete to me. In the current final segment I added some slightly more uplifting piano music in contrast to the very somber music I chose for the memorial section. (Also a quick note on that music: some of it is music I added and some is layered into the news clips and I could not remove it. Initially this sounded very awkward but as of now I’ve tried to correct as well as I can manage.) I then found clips of news that talked about the vaccine in a positive light as well as the UN Chief calling for the world to unite in the fight against the virus. I thought this ending had more of the optimist tone I initially wanted for the end of my project. I also was very excited to finally add my recording of the night time sounds on campus. I felt like this ending brought my project full circle by bringing it back from a world wide/nationwide view of the virus back to an individual level of one college student's experience. The now quiet campus environment was meant to contrast both the football game as well as the college party and I also felt like the crosswalk linked back to the clock ticking but in a less imposing manner. Overall I am really happy with this draft of my project.
